---
layout: page
title: Copypasta vault
menu: none
permalink: /copypasta/
---
So you've found my copypasta vault, congrats!

* ``つ ◕_◕ ༽つ GIVE ... ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ``
* ``(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻``
* ``¯\_(ツ)_/¯``
* ``( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)``
* ``I like how i make good streams like everyday but this bumbleing moron has veiwers, Fucking gross.``
* ``Hey Mods, This isn't a Copy Paste, but I just wanted to let you know, you're all Nazi Mods. Thanks, and stop. It's not cool. If I wanted you to ban me, I would post giant E-Peens of ASCII art, but I don't, so don't. That's not cool. I would prefer it if you actually learned to be a mod instead of being a Nazi. Nazi was the cause of a World War, do we really need the 3rd one already? So, just stop. Thanks, and stop.``
* ``just wanted to remind everyone that if you think you have a video game addiction that is impairing your ability to succeed in school, work, or relationship you may be diagnosed with an addiction and it is honestly worthwhile to speak with a therapist to help you out. nothing wrong with it.``
* ``Consider having your kids play games on a console instead of a PC. Consoles offer you much more control over privacy, content and security settings, while children may miss much easier these restrictions in a computer. When choosing a console for your use, you are making the choice to keep your children protected.``
* ``if you say "mike uyama" 3 times in front of the bathroom mirror he'll show up in your dreams playing marvel heroes``
* ``SO this sounds rude, mostly because it is to be honest, but does this run actaully require any amounth of skill or is it just glitching to give yourself a bunch of stats to be able to one short everything and then jsut sequence skip half the game? sounds like a pretty terrible speedrun to be perfectly honest``
* ``well i did find some tricks what im not sharing still but i can get wr but i fogot all the glitch so yeah``
* ``I don't know what the HK marathon started as, but now we are going to be the one online marathon that actually cares about quality and not beigng a meme``
* ``If you are having mods that are constantly trolling and relentlessly spamming terrible memes (good memes are fine), the chat will follow suit and your chat will become terrible.``
* ``Apparently all the games that use heavy mechanics have been served to male interest, since they dont appeal to females, then women have a disadvantage to playing the new game. aka. guys have this back catalog of understanding about game mechanics because games have been tailored to interest them at the expense of women. so anita said its time to reset that favoritism. treat the player as if they did not have a deep understanding of game mechanics. so you have unlocking.``
* ``It's hilarious u kids talking shit about Catalyst. u wouldn't say shit to him at lan, he's jacked. Not only that be he wears the freshest clothes, eats at the chillest restaurants and hangs out with the hottest dudes. yall are pathetic lol``
* ``I'd like to remind you that Star Wars games in general have no good audio balancing.``
* ``O-oooooooooo AAAAE-A-A-I-A-U-JO-oooooooooooo AAE-O-A-A-U-U-A-E-eee-ee-eee AAAAE-A-E-I-E-A-JO-ooo-oo-oo-oo EEEEO-A-AAA-AAAAA``
* ``OllieNK a fruit Pokemon, normally seen around speed running here and there, maybe some casual stuff you never know with him. If Tampered with he gets flustered and will attack at will!``
* ``I'm not against the idea of speed-runs, I think they're a fun idea for some games. But why do people think that any exploit that gets you somewhere faster makes a speedrun legal? "Oh look I finished Half Life 2 in 10 minutes I AM THE KING!" ... um, no, you just used some exploit to get to the end really fast. That's not skillful.``
* ``According to all known RRRRR of rrrrrr, there is no way a ЯRrrR should be able to rRRR. Its RRrrЯЯrrRR are too rRRRRr to get its fat little RrrRrrR off the rrrrRrr. The RRrrr, of course, rRrRЯRRs anyway because rRrRrR don't care what humans think is ЯЯRЯЯЯЯ.``
* ``I'm praskoo, and this is my rrrrrr shop. I work here with my rrrrrr and my rrr, RRRRRRRRR. Everything in here has a rrrrrrrrrr and a rrrrrrrrrrr. One thing I've rrrrrrrrr after 21 yearrrrr rrrr r rrr rr u nerrrrrrrw WHATRRRR is RRRRRRRRRRRRR tRRRRrRRough TRRhARRT doRRRRRRRRRRR``
* ``In other words, the components of a vector transform contravariantly (with respect to the inverse) under a change of basis by the nonsingular matrix A. The contravariance of the components is notationally designated by placing the indices in the upper position.``
* ``🐢 SLOW AND STEADY 🐢 WINS THE RACE 🐢 MODS CAN'T BAN ME 🐢 AT THIS PACE 🐢``
* ``Sodium, atomic number 11, was first isolated by Humphry Davy in 1807. A chemical component of salt, he named it Na in honor of the saltiest region on earth, North America.``
* ``Yea speedruns should not be about how fast you go but how flashy looks. I would love to see a run that is nothing but "swag strats" and "sick moves" without them speedrunning is dull and boring and as a viewer if I am bored I will not watch and without me your sport would be dead.``
* ``I guess SDA is the MC Hammer of speedrunning``
* ``The Union Aerospace Corporation is the largest corporate entity in existance. Originally focused on defence contracts new ventures have expanded into Biological Research, Space Exploration and other scientific endeavours. With unlimited funds and the ability to engage in research outside moral and legal obligations, the UAC controls the most advanced technology ever conceived.``
* ``Hi, I'm a 66 year-old grandmother from Little Rock Arkansas. I know I'm not someone you would expect to be into speedrunning streams but I am addicted! I started watching Cooking Mama streams in late 2012 but I almost always watch GTA2 and Indiana Jones now. Little Claude is just so cute in his black outfit! I've even got a few ladies from the knitting circle to make a Twitch account! Anyways, thanks for the stream and keep it up!``
* ``Isäm maa karjala perkele sauna kirves vaimo 6-1 omakotitalo vene terva mäntysuopa suomempystykorva konepistooli karhu ilves susi kossu viina pontikka metsä kiitos 39-45 veteraani Mannerheim Juti rillaa Seppo Räty Mika Häkkinen sydänkohtaus diabetes Trixi saatana.``
* ``Facepalm. You obviously have watched all the known speedruns of this game. Then how dare you write that this is a world record, if ''our'' (me and RR19) world record was ''1:04:40'' and was released way back in 2011 by SDA official speedrun. I don't understand the purpose of lying just to attract more people... If you are a honest man, you should edit the title. Your video will be awesome without the lie ''world record''. You also should inform in the title that this is a tarot card run too.``
* ``I thank you for your honest reactions to my critic, but seriously, www.speedrun.com rules are made just for fun, SDA has always been the real deal, where ''real'' people with great reputation roam since the beginning of time. All the professional gaming journalists will never watch or link anything that is in speedrun but will only refer to SDA. Those are just straight facts. Still tho, great job in resurrecting this game again!?``
* ``Tezuro, I am honored. This whole run was a huge success. Now you have the WR. But are you satisfied? Do you think that you will ever break your PB aka WR again after this? No. You won't be able to. You will sink into Sell-Out% just like Cosmo. I am disappointed in you. You getting the WR is the worst thing that could happen to you. It is literally the end of you. Just go outside for a day and maybe get a job and do Sports. Son, I am disappoint.``
* ``I dont know how old are you, but you play sucks. Really bad knowledge of triggers\respawns, etc.10 year ago I've done all tiers at nightmare in a row without any death (hardest level - DM17, Major kills you in 95% at least once).p.s. "r_pickmip 5" in 2018? Need to find my config to beat this terrible time``
* ``25 лет безупречной службы, 72 ликвидации, теперь они пришли за мной. ОН ТВОЙ КЛОН. Гемини играет в бога с днк. Клонировали бы лучше Нельсона Манделлу. Нельсон Манделла не попал бы в движущуюся в поезде цель с 2 километров. А вдруг все узнают КТО ТЫ ТАКОЙ``
* ``it's been almost 15 years that i didn't play the contracts and i saw ur speedrun i thought it will be nostalgic but the things uq i dob't like cheaters and specially when reviewing old stuff like that. I'm a hitman's fan, don't care about ur community cheating is cheating and using glitches to slide uniticied is called cheating. PS i did probably play hitman games before u were born so stop with ur community stupid agreements and just admit it u pkay fir fame while i do ut for fun``
* ``Hello am 48 year man from somalia. Sorry for my bed england. I selled my wife for internet connection for play "conter strik" and i want to become the goodest player like you I play with 400 ping on brazil and i am global elite 2. pls no copy pasterio my story``
* ``This is not a speedrun, you just show new possible shortcuts. There can be no cuts and loads in a proper speedrun. Also these tarot card runs should impress NO ONE. You can't seem to make a normal speedrun like your friend XDavidXtreme can, then don't record at all.``
* ``Aaa wait, you are not the Necrovision mod, but Painkiller I don't remember you snow lame, i've been around in PK community since the beginning of times, but i have not touched it since 2013. There is an important thing that we must both agree on: the Painkiller speedrun that i have submited and you verified was done without tarot cards - it was rule, agreed by many many folks back in golden days of speedrun.``
* ``That means my run (with RJ19) can not be put in the same trauma leader-board with Corpseflesh, since he uses tarot cards. His new improved record of 1:03:53 can not be compared with OUR old 1:04:40 record run as we did not use any tarot cards - that was a RULE established since 2005. Please respect that. Tarot card runs are tarot card runs, and while they are fun, that is a different category. I am sure DavidXtreme will agree on this too.``
* ``Aaa, it's ok, the run is in the MISC section. I just wish it would be renamed to something else, other than MISC. It confuses people thinking that there might be some insignificant material... Can MISC be renamed to ''segmented''??? Man, this website is sooooo confusing, it forced me into chaos. It is hard to notice stuff like ''filter'' and ''misc'', that is why i was so confused... Snow, do you have an option as a mod, to change the layout of the page?``
* ``Twas the night before GDQ, when all through the run Not a gamer was stirring, not even his mum. The strats were hung by the chimney with care, In hopes that St Cropax soon would be there. The chatters were nestled all snug in their beds, While visions of dagger-boosts danced in their heads. And fnzzy in sony vegas, and I in my DX Racer, Had just watched the tutorial by a #1 content creator.``
* ``It makes me laugh how people have to shorten names in titles etc. whats your rush? lol San Andreas is only 4 syllables ffs. is it really worth it?, like who the fuck calls it SA? lol...``
* ``I don't like Chambers movement style. I've watched a lot of his records and I always find his use of the mouse too excessive. It's kinda cringe. Imo he doesn't need to move the mouse that much, but hey he's the record holder so what do I know``
* ``You made a big mistake boy. The best Speedrunner, is Coty Sa.M. Don't care how much Distro saw Coty videos to take his ideas. But if Coty did the Quicksaves and Quickloads, Distro wouldn't stand a chance. So watch yourself fully SKILLED gameplay instead and watch a real Speedrunner bro``
* ``Čauko DEEZ NUTS``

Too long for Twitch:
* ``I just don't like it. I don't care how much dedication and blah blah blah. I know that. I just don't like it. I don't care that it raises money for charity. don't like speedrunning. It's like paying for a world of warcraft subscription and then paying for instant character levelup.  I don't play a video game to get it over with as fast as possible. Like... I understand the inherent challenge. But when they start to do glitches to skip past stuff is when the entire concept collapses on itself. Ya know? And I think they do. I think they themselves are constantly straddling that line. The quickest way to end the game is to turn it off. Or use cheat engine. Use mods. Ya know? To what end? Oh right. Cuz "charity" so hospitals can get richer off of dead kids. so ethical. so moral.``
